README.md, before:

# Makuta

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
<div align="center">
  <br />
    <a href="https://youtu.be/PuOVqP_cjkE?feature=shared" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://github.com/adrianhajdin/banking/assets/151519281/3c03519c-7ebd-4539-b598-49e63d1770b4" alt="Project Banner">
    </a>
  <br />

  <div>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Next_JS-black?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=nextdotjs&color=000000" alt="nextdotjs" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-black?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=typescript&color=3178C6" alt="typescript" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tailwind_CSS-black?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=tailwindcss&color=06B6D4" alt="tailwindcss" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Appwrite-black?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=appwrite&color=FD366E" alt="appwrite" />
  </div>
</div>
  <!-- markdownlint-enable MD033 -->

## 📋 Contents

1. 🤖 [Introduction](#introduction)
2. ⚙️ [Tech Stack](#stack)
3. 🔋 [Features](#features)
4. 🤸 [Quick Start](#quick-start)

## 🤖 Introduction {#introduction}

Makuta is a financial SaaS platform that connects to multiple bank accounts, displays transactions in real-time, allows users to transfer money to other platform users, and manages their finances altogether.

## ⚙️ Stack {#stack}

- Next.js
- TypeScript
- Appwrite
- Plaid
- Dwolla
- React Hook Form
- Zod
- TailwindCSS
- Chart.js
- ShadCN

## 🔋 Features {#features}

👉 **Authentication**: An ultra-secure SSR authentication with proper validations and authorization

👉 **Connect Banks**: Integrates with Plaid for multiple bank account linking

👉 **Home Page**: Shows general overview of user account with total balance from all connected banks, recent transactions, money spent on different categories, etc

👉 **My Banks**: Check the complete list of all connected banks with respective balances, account details

👉 **Transaction History**: Includes pagination and filtering options for viewing transaction history of different banks

👉 **Real-time Updates**: Reflects changes across all relevant pages upon connecting new bank accounts.

👉 **Funds Transfer**: Allows users to transfer funds using Dwolla to other accounts with required fields and recipient bank ID.

👉 **Responsiveness**: Ensures the application adapts seamlessly to various screen sizes and devices, providing a consistent user experience across desktop, tablet, and mobile platforms.

and many more, including code architecture and reusability.

## 🤸 Quick Start {#quick-start}

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed on your machine:

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) (Node Package Manager)

#### Cloning the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/jssol/makuta.git
cd makuta
```

#### Installation

Install the project dependencies using npm:

```bash
npm install
```

#### Set Up Environment Variables

Create a new file named `.env` in the root of your project and add the following content:

```env
#NEXT
NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL=

#APPWRITE
NEXT_PUBLIC_APPWRITE_ENDPOINT=https://cloud.appwrite.io/v1
NEXT_PUBLIC_APPWRITE_PROJECT=
APPWRITE_DATABASE_ID=
APPWRITE_USER_COLLECTION_ID=
APPWRITE_BANK_COLLECTION_ID=
APPWRITE_TRANSACTION_COLLECTION_ID=
APPWRITE_SECRET=

#PLAID
PLAID_CLIENT_ID=
PLAID_SECRET=
PLAID_ENV=
PLAID_PRODUCTS=
PLAID_COUNTRY_CODES=

#DWOLLA
DWOLLA_KEY=
DWOLLA_SECRET=
DWOLLA_BASE_URL=https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com
DWOLLA_ENV=sandbox

```

#### Running the Project

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the project.

Commit message:

Add live credentials for production testing

README.md, after:

# Makuta

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
<div align="center">
  <br />
    <a href="https://youtu.be/PuOVqP_cjkE?feature=shared" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://github.com/adrianhajdin/banking/assets/151519281/3c03519c-7ebd-4539-b598-49e63d1770b4" alt="Project Banner">
    </a>
  <br />

  <div>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Next_JS-black?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=nextdotjs&color=000000" alt="nextdotjs" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-black?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=typescript&color=3178C6" alt="typescript" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tailwind_CSS-black?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=tailwindcss&color=06B6D4" alt="tailwindcss" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Appwrite-black?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=appwrite&color=FD366E" alt="appwrite" />
  </div>
</div>
  <!-- markdownlint-enable MD033 -->

## 📋 Contents

1. 🤖 [Introduction](#introduction)
2. ⚙️ [Tech Stack](#stack)
3. 🔋 [Features](#features)
4. 🤸 [Quick Start](#quick-start)

## 🤖 Introduction {#introduction}

Makuta is a financial SaaS platform that connects to multiple bank accounts, displays transactions in real-time, allows users to transfer money to other platform users, and manages their finances altogether.

## ⚙️ Stack {#stack}

- Next.js
- TypeScript
- Appwrite
- Plaid
- Dwolla
- React Hook Form
- Zod
- TailwindCSS
- Chart.js
- ShadCN

## 🔋 Features {#features}

👉 **Authentication**: An ultra-secure SSR authentication with proper validations and authorization

👉 **Connect Banks**: Integrates with Plaid for multiple bank account linking

👉 **Home Page**: Shows general overview of user account with total balance from all connected banks, recent transactions, money spent on different categories, etc

👉 **My Banks**: Check the complete list of all connected banks with respective balances, account details

👉 **Transaction History**: Includes pagination and filtering options for viewing transaction history of different banks

👉 **Real-time Updates**: Reflects changes across all relevant pages upon connecting new bank accounts.

👉 **Funds Transfer**: Allows users to transfer funds using Dwolla to other accounts with required fields and recipient bank ID.

👉 **Responsiveness**: Ensures the application adapts seamlessly to various screen sizes and devices, providing a consistent user experience across desktop, tablet, and mobile platforms.

and many more, including code architecture and reusability.

## 🤸 Quick Start {#quick-start}

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed on your machine:

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) (Node Package Manager)

#### Test Live

- Go to [https://makuta-three.vercel.app/](https://makuta-three.vercel.app/)
- Log in using:
  - Username: <odaluff@mail.com>
  - Password: qwertyuiop

#### Cloning the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/jssol/makuta.git
cd makuta
```

#### Installation

Install the project dependencies using npm:

```bash
npm install
```

#### Set Up Environment Variables

Create a new file named `.env` in the root of your project and add the following content:

```env
#NEXT
NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL=

#APPWRITE
NEXT_PUBLIC_APPWRITE_ENDPOINT=https://cloud.appwrite.io/v1
NEXT_PUBLIC_APPWRITE_PROJECT=
APPWRITE_DATABASE_ID=
APPWRITE_USER_COLLECTION_ID=
APPWRITE_BANK_COLLECTION_ID=
APPWRITE_TRANSACTION_COLLECTION_ID=
APPWRITE_SECRET=

#PLAID
PLAID_CLIENT_ID=
PLAID_SECRET=
PLAID_ENV=
PLAID_PRODUCTS=
PLAID_COUNTRY_CODES=

#DWOLLA
DWOLLA_KEY=
DWOLLA_SECRET=
DWOLLA_BASE_URL=https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com
DWOLLA_ENV=sandbox

```

#### Running the Project

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the project.
